Docs: Governance add CNCF Resources and Link CoC (#23689)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/community/governance/commit_access.rst

Keep the `AUTHORS <https://github.com/cilium/cilium/blob/master/AUTHORS>`__ file up to date.

CNCF Resources
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Any Maintainer may suggest a request for `CNCF Resources <https://www.cncf.io/services-for-projects/>`__
through the `CNCF Service Desk <https://cncfservicedesk.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/1>`__.
The Maintainers may also choose to delegate working with the CNCF to non-Maintainer community members.

Code of Conduct
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`Code of Conduct <https://github.com/cilium/cilium/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md>`__
violations by community members will be discussed and resolved on the private

> committers slack channel. If the reported CoC violator is a Maintainer, the 

Reviewer: Spell checker complains about CoC.

```suggestion
committers Slack channel. If the reported Code of Conduct violator is a Maintainer, the 
```
